This git repository is for the figma model of a courses app developed by Michael Kempe.

Description:
This prototype is meant to demo the organization and features of a class portal application built after a process of needfinding and assessment of competition.
The main goal was to provide an app capable of handling the core interaction between students and with their professors.
While the professors would be users of this application, profesor-specific features are not included in this demo
The home page provides access to all courses, and the upcoming deadlines option immediately, which is a major concern of students.
The course pages provide links to the important course details, including communciation and evaluation matierials
Each course comes with a student chat room, with additional discussion rooms creatable by the teacher
Within these rooms, students can text their classmates, or even start calls to talk.
The section for professors to upload and display notes is organized into cascading folders, while also offering a search bar for easy locating
Tags can further be created by the professor and associated with each file to allow further organization

Screenshots cannot be uploaded to this file, though a PDF is incldued in this repository with screenshots of the demo screens.

Demo URL: https://www.figma.com/proto/xG3vr8VQDEFqf00Wo5o0FZ/Courses-app-v2?node-id=2%3A158&scaling=contain&page-id=0%3A1&starting-point-node-id=2%3A158 
Video URL: https://sheridanc-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/kempemi_shernet_sheridancollege_ca/EaSMn2IFuWdEr-wEhiTnFswBGkNqwsOnlbApWxkS4FEMvw?e=wgRG8A 

New features:
- Automatic completion checking and Turnitin option.
Professors would be able to set dropbox requirements that would alert students if they are about to submit with insufficient files.
There would also be an option to run a turnitin originality check directly from the submission page
- Manual deadlines.
In addition to automaticall handling deadlines for tests and assignments, professors would be able to set raw deadlines that would be visible to students the same way other deadlines are
- Material tagging feature. 
Professors can place tags on the uploaded material to allow for more organization and grouping in addition to the normal cascading folders
- Missed / unsubmitted upcoming deadlines alerts
Students would be given alerts (in a manner of their choice) when a deadline is about the be missed.
Many portals already send an alert, but it's not standard for them to only go unmet deadlines or alert the users to such
- Loading screen tips
Small tips that could be set by the professor to display periodically while students are waiting.
They would display when waiting for a virtual classroom to open, test to start, etc.
